## Wellness Technology Case Study - Bellabeat Analysis
Author: Rachel Lau 

This case study is a capstone project required completion for obtaining the Google Data Analytics Certification program.

## Scenario
I became a junior data analyst working on the marketing analyst team at Bellabeat, a women-owned high-tect manufacturer and wellness company of health-focused products for women. Bellabeat was founded by Urška Sršen and Sandro Mur in 2014, based in San Francisco. Sršen believes that analyzing smart device fitness data could help on company's development and gaining better future opportunities.

In this case study, we are going to explore and analyze a fitness tracker dataset, while gaining insight for Bellabeat.

## 1. Ask
#### 1.1 Objective/ Business task 
Through analyzing a fitness tracker dataset and help guide marketing strategy, suggestion, and plans for the company.

#### 1.2 Stakeholders

#### Primary stakeholders: 

* Urška Sršen, Bellabeat's cofounder and chief creative officer
* Sandro Mur, mathemactician and Bellabeat's cofounder
* Bellabeat marketing analytics team

#### Secondary stakeholders:
* Bellabeat's users
* General public

<br/>

## 2. Prepare
<br/>

The data using in this case study is a public dataset from Kaggle, an online community platform for data science learning. The dataset "FitBit Fitness Tracker Data" contains personal fitness tracker from thirty fitbit users. Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring. It includes information about daily activity, steps, and heart rate that can be used to explore users’ habits.


There are 18 comma-separated values (csv) files from the dataset. I downloaded all of them and stored them in my laptop drive. Each files are arranged, or ordered by the user Ids, and they both stored in long and wide format. 


We are going to identify the source of the data by checking the ROCCC.

#### Reliable

The dataset contains only 33 users, which may not be a good sample of poplulation to represent all user from Fitbit. Also, the users' age, gender, races, and location are all unknown, which causes bias.

#### Original

The dataset generated by respondents to a distibuted survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk. It made available through Möbius, one of a data scientist from Kaggle user. This consider the dataset is a second-party data, which the data was collected by a group directly from its audience.

#### Comprehensive

The dataset contains important data such as number of calories burned, steps each day walked etc. However, the age group and gender of the users are missing and this might affect the insight we could gain.

#### Current

The dataset was collected between 03-12-2016 to 05-12-2016. A dataset collected 6 years ago is considered out of date. Moreover, the time period collected from the dataset had only three months, this might not be a ideal time length for a good dataset.

#### Cited

Unknown. The dataset did not have any citation.
